And he took it back to me for investigation.
I was wronged, Huang Kai did nothing
Your cousin Shen Yue has been arrested
You two jointly compose music and pretend to be Su Tsing Yi
The French Open is back
Will not wrong a good person
I won't let a bad guy take it away
Let go of me, let go of me, oh me, oh sister wang, oh
Let go of me let go of me
Yo, I was looking for you.
You, a wild girl, actually came to the door by yourself
How are you doing now?
Is that better?
This young master is very good
It's all you
This young master heard that you only have three days of fire at most
Oh, since you want our Su family's money
Then continue our previous game
You accompany this young master to play for another three days
Play until you die
I'll give you 150,000
How 500,000?